Transcript: Epicor Sample.mp3


0:06 Speaker A: My name is Michael Dorris and I'm the president of Mars Electric. We have 12 locations across Northeast Ohio and serve contractors in projects and facilities. My dad ran the business for 40 plus years before I started and he believed in technology and making sure that our people had the best tools to do their jobs effectively.


0:25 Speaker B: He wanted a trusted partner and a lot of his peers at the time were recommending Eclipse and it's been a great solution for us.


0:31 Speaker A: Over the last 10, 15 years we've quadrupled the business.


0:36 Speaker C: There's nothing that happens day to day here at Mars Electric that Eclipse doesn't touch.


0:41 Speaker B: Paying vendors, collecting money from customers, selling materials, shipping material.


0:47 Speaker C: Every facet of the business is managed through Eclipse.


0:51 Speaker D: The ability to see all those transactions and understand how things occurred through the system has been critical.


0:58 Speaker A: We're helping our customers be successful over and over again in their projects. As we try to advance our business and become more efficient, we're continuing to find new opportunities within the system to help us get better.


1:09 Speaker C: Going to Insights this past year and seeing what AI is going to give to the product. Our director of IT and myself both were at the conference and we came out of that meeting and almost at the same time said we need to go to the cloud because this is going to be a game changer. This is going to be something that's going to help revolutionize the ERP and Eclipse within our business and the industry as a whole.


1:33 Speaker D: It offers security, data reliability and scalability. And as we continue to grow, that's one thing that we don't want to have to worry about. Epicor has a pulse on where the technology is going. That's our next step. We need to be in the cloud.


1:48 Speaker A: What I hear from our people is really a lot of excitement right now with the new API structure, it's helped.


1:54 Speaker B: Us really compete in the digital world. Orders that we receive online flow through Eclipse just seamless into our erp. We're, we're able to customize how a customer prefers to receive information. Any way we could be more embedded to a customer and be a one stop shop. That's our goal.


2:10 Speaker A: We're using a lot of automation studios right now and really coming up with super creative solutions to some of our internal problems.


2:18 Speaker C: When we have that, here's the problem, we don't know what the solution is and when. I can connect the dots by using Eclipse to find that solution, that's what gives me excitement on a day to day basis.


2:29 Speaker D: It's providing us scalability every time we make an improvement we change a process, we're allowing people to do their jobs more effectively and more efficiently. Once we know the goal, where do we want to grow? We look at, do we have the product, do we have the people, do we have the space? And Eclipse, uh, allows us to succinctly look at those things using data analytics.


2:51 Speaker A: Being on the forefront of technology is a huge pillar of our strategic planning right now. I think that's what's going to enable us to be competitive well into the future. Partnering with Eclipse and Epicord is a part of that strategic pillar.