Transcript: Epicor Testimonial - Iekenhout.mp3


0:06 Speaker A: Being a 130-year-old company, we've had to stay relevant. So we've had to continue with technology to try to compete with the 1, 2, 3 brands of the world.


0:15 Speaker B: We used to receive invoices in. We would either put them in a bag, send them to the branches, or email them where they would print them out, match them up with their paperwork, send, stick them back in a bag, send them back to Grand Rapids. We would enter them in the system and then scan them into a document storage program. We felt very comfortable trusting Epicor to guide us in the right direction, what package to use, and going all the way from signing on the dotted line to going live. We use AP automation. We implemented it, uh, about a year ago. We're using it for both ourselves, stock invoices and our overhead invoices. That efficiency, we're able to turn around the invoices quicker. It has allowed us to continue to add branches and not increase our staff. In fact, it allows the staff to focus on problems instead of just the grind of typing, typing, typing, scanning, scanning, scanning. That's gone away. Wms, our warehouse management system, has been very instrumental in making good changes within our company.


1:30 Speaker A: My inventory adjustments are spot on. My shrink annually has dropped over 50%. The identification with finding items, it just.


1:41 Speaker C: Makes your inventory super accurate, super easy to use. Customer experience is great. It's made our training process super easy. Uh, we can onboard someone in a couple days. You know, with work on the scan gun, hosting biztrac just is a smart decision for us. Disaster recovery is there, they maintain it. They give me the tools to be able to build it on my own. With a few parameters, I can pretty much make anything within the system being hosted. I don't have to worry about maintaining a server on site, having someone else deal with all the problems. I don't have to be up at midnight on Saturday to do an upgrade. I appreciate their responsiveness.


2:18 Speaker A: They understand when we have an issue or something that's not working right, and they do their best to make sure, and they follow up to make sure that it gets corrected. Very similar to what we do for our customers. Acknowledge the problem, find a plan to fix the problem, and deliver.


2:34 Speaker B: We've been with Epicor for 21 years, and they're always looking for what's next on the horizon, and they make sure it's available.


2:45 Speaker A: Epicor has made our business solutions so much smoother.