Transcript: Epicor Customer Testimonial - Uneeda.mp3


0:06 Speaker A: We are a janitorial supply distributor. We run a fleet of five trucks throughout the New York tri state area. Technology is probably one of the most important things that we have here. It's funny, people say it's like, oh, you sell toilet paper. Yeah. But being able to track it, being able to know what's going on, is extremely important. Profit 21 has been a fabulous solution for us. It checks every box that we need as a distributor. We use it for inventory in the back, entering in orders, CRM accounting. It does, uh, sales analytics, inventory control. It's pretty much a full circle tool to run our business. I think Epicor is always embracing new ideas, new technology.


0:49 Speaker B: The way we used to route our deliveries and load our trucks was a gigantic pain point.


0:55 Speaker A: We would have a printer, uh, that would print out all the orders that needed to go out, and then we would sit there and just organize them into piles. Now, as you can imagine, a strong breeze would mess up that entire process and we would be scrounging around looking for orders and trucks and trying to stay organized like that.


1:10 Speaker B: It's the same topic over and over again. How can we route our trucks better? How can we reduce this mountain of paper?


1:18 Speaker A: Jess and I went to Epicor, uh, Insights. We're where we were almost tasked with finding something to make this part of our business better. And a presentation comes on Elite Extra. How can it help your business?


1:28 Speaker B: We couldn't believe what we were seeing. How well that this new solution would solve all of our logistics problems.


1:36 Speaker A: From the first time hearing about Elite Extra to getting it implemented, it's been very flexible. They've been extremely responsive, and they're always, always, always willing to help and make the system better. Now it's all on a computer screen. We have a map. The map shows red dots where orders need to go. There's no stacks of paper anymore. You print out one sheet of paper, give it to the driver. He knows where he's going. We're able to track him live.


1:58 Speaker B: Having Elite Extra now has cut our dispatching time probably between 70 and 80%.


2:05 Speaker A: So customer service has always been a huge thing for us. Elite Extra has only improved that for us.


2:11 Speaker B: The system itself can detect when the driver is X minutes away from the delivery and can notify whoever the customer wants to be notified automatically. That is invaluable. If our business doubled tomorrow, I'm confident that we could just add a couple more vehicles and drivers and Elite Extra would handle the rest.


2:36 Speaker A: Of the.